Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us today. Well, it's been a couple of days since I've made a video.
We've had a lot going on: doctor's appointments, dentist, all kinds of things, y'all.
And you know, just family stuff, off for the summer, getting all the kids going and doing things.
I told Diana today, I said, 'I want to make a video.'And we're driving around like I normally do, praying over the city and praying over the Fourth of July, driving around the malls and everything.
And as I was driving around this theater, the Lord kept prompting inside, 'I feel a great awakening that is coming for America. A major revival is coming.
A major revival.'And I believe when Mel Gibson releases the movie, The Passion of the Christ 2, this theater is going to be used mightily for a major outpouring of the spirit of the Lord.
I'm talking a shaking to awaken is going to awaken America again and around the world.
And you know, movies go everywhere, but I know in my heart that God is going to do a major move in the movie theaters because I've seen it.
So, another thing that I've warned you all about is North Korea.
And I told you in the days ahead that North Korea would really join up with Russia in this war that's taking place.
As I'm praying, I have a very intense—it's a big pulse, like, 'Brandon, how do you know?'I feel that stirring to pray.
I just know in my spirit this is a hot spot that the Lord is calling me to pray over, and today has been about North Korea joining up with Russia.
And I'm telling you, I've seen Russia provoking the situation to try to really take over Ukraine in the days ahead, really trying to flex their muscles, trying to provoke World War III.
Do I see that happening as of right now? Yes, a major escalation of things.
I've seen it in the spirit concerning Ukraine and Russia. And I warned you about Kim Jong-un bringing troops in.
Well, somebody sent me an article saying, 'Hey, Brandon, 30,000 troops are being sent into Ukraine from North Korea to help out with Russia.'Well, that's an act of war by itself with Kim Jong-un doing that.
That is a major escalation of 30,000 men going to help Russia out. So, it's already turning into World War III regardless.
We have the thing going on that's the peace agreement right now, and they call it the Abraham Accords and all this stuff going on with Israel.
And I've warned you all that there's a surprise attack coming from Iran.
They will say it's the Houthis, but it's actually Iran involved in this, bringing biological weapons against Israel in the days ahead from Syria out of Damascus, and it will be a major biological attack there.
It's like mustard gas. It's something bad in these 50-gallon drums.
But with what's going on with North Korea saying, 'We'll bring 30,000,'and Braden will put the article right here—you'll see it, 30,000 troops—they're saying they're going to bring them in.
I saw these men on trains being transported from North Korea into Russia on trains, in boxcars. And the boxcar doors were open and they were riding across.
And the Lord said, 'They're so excited to get out of North Korea, they don't even realize they're going to their death.'There were literally thousands of North Korean men in train cars being taken from North Korea to Russia for the war.
These men were not trained fighters; they looked expendable to me, like they didn't have jobs in offices or whatever.
They just looked like people that we would call lower-income people.
They were excited to be able to see the world because they've been so oppressed in bondage.
And these men were in these train cars, and they were celebrating leaving.
And I heard the Lord say, 'But they're going to their death and they don't even know it.
You must pray for them.'A lot of these people have never had the opportunity to hear the gospel.
And it grieved me because I saw the plan of the enemy to push these men up front so that the other men didn't have to risk their lives. They were like, 'We're going to let them fight.
They're not really trained very well, so we'll let these other guys have a break.'So, we see the escalation going on with North Korea and Russia right now.
I'm telling you all, I feel caution about Russia and what he's planning behind the scenes with his cards.
I told you he has his cards. See, they're trying to outlast Trump.
They only have three and a half years left and they know he's gone, right?
So we'll just keep on keeping on, taking the land. And that's what I heard him say: 'We want all of Ukraine.
We don't want just part of it. We don't want a peace agreement.
We want all of what belongs to us, the old Soviet Union.'And the same with Poland.
Eventually, it will be Poland. Eventually, it will be these other areas.
And they want to bring all that back into Russia, and it will be a stronger Russia.
You know, their economy is in trouble. They will bring up the BRICS in the days ahead.
So, as we see the big beautiful bill and we see all these things, I've already told you they passed this.
They've already seen it's going to get passed. It's going to be a major stimulus check.
What you're going to see is the United States economy shooting like an adrenaline shot in the arm.
It's going to make everything look like everything is amazing.
$5 trillion is going to flood the American economy with this bill, which is just basically inflating a dead horse.
I told you the dollar is already done. This seals it even greater for what I've seen coming. They have to get rid of the dollar.
And the Lord showed me, he said, 'Trump doesn't even realize to the full extent of how he's being used.
He's going to be used on a greater scale to bring in the end times.'So, we see the end times unfolding right in front of our faces, ladies and gentlemen, with this new beautiful bill, big whatever you want to call it, right?
That's happening. It's actually being voted on right now as we talk. It's going to pass, right?
So when we get this bill passed and they stimulate the economy, I said it will be a new digital platform, a new digital age.
A new industrial revolution is coming to America and around the world.
A $5 trillion package. I mean, this is huge. $5 trillion. My mind can't even wrap around how much that is; that is a lot of money.
But it will make everything for a season look really, really good, and we just tack it on to the debt. So that's happening right now as we speak.
So what's about to take place is a great window of opportunity for the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous if you just are listening to him and staying in sync with him on a day-to-day basis. This is the time, I told you.
I prayed about what happens going into the fourth quarter, praying over the acceleration of the wealth of the wicked laid up for the righteous, going through July, August, September, October, and November, going all the way into the first of the year.
The Lord said to me, he said, 'Brandon, you're going to, if you pray.'And then I saw Judge Torres, and the Lord told me, he said, 'Pray for the judge. Pray for this judge, Brandon.
This is very serious when it comes to the judge, for this is Satan's wheelhouse and he's trying to block the flow of this certain crypto, trying to block the flow of that.
So until the SEC and that lawsuit's done, they're trying to...
because I saw once this stuff is stopped and worked out, I saw a doubling and a tripling and a quadrupling of this certain crypto.
And the Lord said, 'This will be the beginning of the great wealth transfer.'He said, 'Brandon, I'm going to make decamillionaires overnight.'If you remember what he said, he said, "Brandon, I'm going to make decillionaires overnight."And I thought, "Lord, how are you going to do that?"He said, "If you're listening to me and you're abiding in my word and you're keeping upright with me, I'll show you the secret things."And I believe in the days ahead, the wealth of the sinners is laid up for the righteous.
But, you know, it's not just about the Christians getting blessed.
This is going to happen to the just and the unjust for what's happening in the days ahead.
Ladies and gentlemen, a new industrial revolution is about to take place.
A major turn of events. So, do we still have an enemy within? Heavens, yes.
Have we caught all these bad guys? No, we have not. We need to continue to pray.
The Lord said it will be when you're not expecting it. It's going to be a Pearl Harbor experience.
Everybody's expecting the Fourth of July. That's why I've not been like everything's going to be about Fourth of July.
I still feel caution. Lone wolf attacks. I want you to hear this.
I feel in my spirit we should pray about lone wolf attacks about the Fourth of July. But is this the major thing? No.
I'm telling you, the Lord keeps talking to me about a Pearl Harbor experience that will be whenever people are least expecting it, that they'll attack suddenly.
So we don't pray what's in the news and what they say, "Oh, we're in elevated risk alert and people should be attentive."Yes, we already know that by the Spirit of God.
We're not praying the news. We're praying ahead of the news.
We know what's coming before they do. We're the news. Do you understand?
We're the news. The prophetic voices in these end times are the news. And that's why God said, "I'm raising up accuracy.
I'm raising up men and women that will speak for me with accuracy, not parroting."You know, there's a lot of parrots.
There's a lot of people who repeat things because it sounds like it's trendy.
And I'm telling you by the Spirit of God, he's raising up people that are not an echo but a voice in these last days that will speak and decree the things of the Lord, warning what's coming because you must know so you're not in harm's way.
It's time for the church to become the salt and stand out instead of the world.
People are looking at the world. What does Fox say? Who cares what Fox says?
What does God say? Let's go to see what the prophets are saying.
But people that are not flaky, just parroting things because they heard some other prophet say it versus who got it from the source which is the Father.
And the Father comes out and he says, "Brandon, I want you to warn my people that today there's a terrorist attack.
I want you to warn my people that tomorrow this is going to happen with finances or whatever."And people said, "Brandon, you said that there was going to be a major crash, a major escalation of oil prices in the days ahead, a crippling of Iran's economy.
We have not seen that yet."You are correct. We have not seen $200 a barrel of oil yet.
Has that been God's mercy? Did we stop that or is it still coming?
And I still feel, ladies and gentlemen, that it's still coming.
I still feel there are surprise attacks. When they call peace and safety, then sudden destruction.
You have to look at the Word and say, "What part of that word are we at?
What is God saying to us?"Are we right now going to see an escalation of things?
We see the peace and safety being talked about saying Abraham Accords and we say they're going to do all this stuff and we're going to make peace with Israel and they want a two-state solution and all these things.
We know those things have to take place because the Word says that there'll be a Temple Mount.
There'll be a new temple built and there'll be all these things happening because that's where the abomination of desolation takes place.
And I've warned you about all these things. This is what the Word of God says is going to take place and it will take place.
We're not going to alter that. We will not stop the Word of God from taking place through prayer.
"Well, you know, we'll pray it away."No, we're not. "We're going to delay it."No, we're not.
The Word of God stands alone and it's a pillar and it always is what we go by regardless of what we think we get in prayer.
If it goes against the Word of God, it's not the Holy Ghost. The Holy Word always stands alone.
And it says, "This is what you go by."Period. It's the anchor.
Do you understand? So, we don't go, "Well, we're going to change tribulation.
We're going to change the end times through prayer."No. If the Bible said it's going to happen, you can take it to the bank.
It's going to happen. Period. There's going to be an end times.
We're going to see a beast system. We're going to see the Antichrist rise up.
We're going to see all these things. And the Bible says to look at the fig tree.
The Bible warns us to watch the fig tree, and the fig tree is Israel.
And so that's what we're doing right now. We're seeing it. A peace accord. The Abraham Peace Accords. And Syria wants to be involved.
But I'm telling you, the Bible also says that Damascus will be a ruinous heap. And I've seen why.
A major attack from Israel will hit Damascus in the days ahead to the point where it will destroy them. It will be so bad.
And you'll see Turkey come alongside and say, "Listen, you shouldn't have done that."And Turkey's going to be upset.
I saw men marching in. I saw Iran involved. I saw Russia involved.
I saw all these major nations involved coming against Israel. Where was America?
And I told everybody—people said, "Well, Brandon, where's America at?"—I heard a great betrayal.
So, is that after Trump's presidency? Where's Trump at whenever this happens? I don't know.
I see in part, I hear in part, but it's all warnings from the Holy Spirit telling us to pray.
But right now, it's like this. I see what's coming to the theaters. That's why I'm here.
Mel Gibson is making a movie right now, and this is part of this prayer assignment.
"Brandon, I want to pour out my spirit in a major way upon the nations like I've never done before.
You're going to see healings and demonstrations and manifestations."I feel the presence of the Lord just as I'm saying this.
It's time to get your heart right. Jesus is coming. Do I have an urgency? Yes.
If you don't see people in ministry leading people to Christ right now, run.
Do not listen to ministers that are not leading people to Christ and have urgency to give altar calls because they're not hearing God.
You know why? Because God's heart is souls. I want you to hear me.
If you are listening to ministers that never give altar calls, if you're listening to people that never talk about the baptism of the Holy Ghost and speaking with tongues talking about a major revival, healings, demonstrations, manifestations of the glory, God's heart is the harvest.
Run. Do not listen to them. They're false prophets. If they're not giving altar calls, if they're not telling you Jesus Christ is coming, and you need to repent and turn from your wicked ways, I'm telling you, it's time to get right and straight up with Jesus because we're running out of time.
As we watch the fig tree, as we watch all these things, people are all freaked out about America.
These sleeper cells of people, I told you, ten major cities, they're in our country right now.
Thanks, Joe Biden, because they left open borders. But we're going to see earthquakes in diverse places.
We're going to see volcanoes. We're going to see fearful sights in the heavens.
And the Lord said, "I'm going to show you more about that."That was about the false alien invasions.
False alien invasions are coming. And people are going, "Well, Brandon, do you really think that it's not aliens?
This isn't ET. This is demonic spirits. This is the fallen angel, demonic stuff.
This is what we're about to see, but it's there to deceive many.
The Lord told me, "Brandon, many people will be deceived about what they're about to see."Many people—and I'm not going to be one of them, and I pray you won't either because I'm warning you ahead of time what's coming.
I know I've got a lot of sharp people that watch this channel.
There are a lot of strong, Bible-believing Christians, so I'm excited you're here. You know, I'm not talking to all the babies.
Braden did a poll on that last livestream, and there was only five percent that were unsaved. You know, five percent, that's pretty good.
But at least we're getting the unsaved coming and watching because they're curious, and we want them to be curious about what's coming because everybody knows there's something happening.
It's like you can sense it in the air. What is going on? So, we encourage you to be encouraged today, to have fun for the Fourth of July.
Keep your antennas up. If you're in America, keep your antennas up around the world.
It's not just about America. A great shaking to awaken is coming. A major shaking is coming to the world.
We see the financial stuff happening with Trump right now, and this is part of the good part. He said, "Days of fun have just begun.
It's time to get excited about what I'm about to do in this last outpouring, a major harvest of souls.
But the jet fuel is the finances, and then the rocket will take off.
You will see it."This is the end-time wealth transfer, I believe, with this big, beautiful bill and all this stuff that they're doing right now.
And then you're seeing the crypto being laid. You'll see Jerome Powell and all this stuff.
They're saying they want to remove him immediately, which is probably a wise decision since I've seen him with Obama and I've seen him with these suits on, and he's being influenced by them.
That's why he hasn't lowered interest rates, trying to do things.
Like I said, the ship is already sinking, folks. It's on purpose.
They don't even realize it. Why? Because they have to bring in a beast system. That's what's coming, and the dollar is too in the way.
The new digital thing of what's about to happen will be the beast system in the days ahead.
A new industrial revolution, trying to change everything from the way we do it right now, will change like that.
And the Lord told me within a 24-hour period everything you know will change overnight.
That is what he told me, and he warned me and told us, "You need to be prepared."A major plague is planned. COVID was a test run.
So, I know I repeat this stuff over and over again and I say these things, but I think it's good because you need to hear it.
Just because it's inside of me and I know what the Holy Spirit's warning me doesn't mean that you do.
So, I feel like it's good, Diana, and I see new faces. There are thousands of new faces, and welcome—I'm so glad you're here.
It's exciting. Our channel has grown almost 10,000 people in the last couple of weeks.
Braden tried to keep up with all that, but it's amazing what the Lord has done bringing all these new people, especially the South Korea channel.
It's really growing, isn't it? And China. So, we give all the glory to God for that.
But what I'm anticipating the most right now is the sweet fragrance of the Holy Spirit.
So, we see that Jimmy Swaggart went home yesterday, and we send our love to the family.
We know he's in a better place. It's going to be amazing. We're excited for him. He just got promoted.
You know, we love his song, "It's Beginning to Rain."I told Dina, whenever they announced his passing, I said, "Oh, it's beginning to rain, rain, rain."You know, he's singing in heaven.
Oh my gosh, I can't wait. He has a glorified body and a glorified voice. It's exciting, folks.
The Lord already told us we would see major generals start to go home, a passing of the baton. You need to remember this.
Major generals are going to start to go home in the days ahead that you thought, "Wow."But the Lord told me, "Brandon, nobody lives forever.
That man was 90 years old."The other people are getting old, too.
They're in their 80s and 90s. Folks, it's the cycle of life. That's what happens.
But the Lord told me, "As these people go home, I'm raising up new voices.
I'm raising up new generals. Will you take the baton and run with it? Will you be a mouthpiece in these last days?
Because they had their time; now it's time for my new voices, and I'm going to raise up new."And you'll see their influence fade away—not that their ministries are dying, but the Lord told me, "It's time for them to rest.
It's promotion. They've done their part."And as they've preached the gospel all throughout the late '80s and '90s and '70s or whatever, you see their voice and their influence fading back because it's their season to go home.
It's not that God's mad; it's just their season. It's time. They give their impartations, pass on the torch, and go home.
And then God raises up new voices that are young and not tired.
He says, "Listen, Brandon, it's time for you to run. It's time for you to run, Diana.
It's time for you to run, whoever."And that's what we're seeing right now: a new generation.
And he said, "Brandon, these are my closers. You all are my closers.
You're closing this thing up."Do you understand? He's bringing in the pitching.
It's like that verse says: "Run with perseverance the race marked out for us, fixing our eyes on Jesus, the pioneer and perfecter of our faith."And that's Hebrews 12:1.
I like that. Run with perseverance, run with great excitement.
It's not saying, "Well, the old people are just old and we don't need them anymore."No, we honor them as they head out.
They're the ones that carried the baton all those years. Now God's raising up new voices. And he told us, "These are my closers.
This generation right here will not taste death because there will be a generation that will not taste death, Brandon."And we are that generation.
We are the closers. He said, "I saved the best for last."Nothing against them, but he said, "I saved the best for last.
Brandon, I'm telling you, it's time to rise up with a backbone like a crowbar and take my gospel throughout the whole world because the end is coming."We're there.
The season of grace is coming to an end. We're getting ready to head into the Tribulation.
And so, you know what? It's not about competition—who's the best, who's not.
It's just about staying the course and doing what God's called you to do.
Whether you're the janitor or on the platform preaching to millions, you're all vital.
We're all a piece of the puzzle. There's no competition. That's why I say this Christian competition stuff is crap.
Do you understand? People don't like me when I use that word, but all pieces of the orchestra make a beautiful sound.
Regardless of whether you are speaking on a platform or if you're just a parking lot attendant, you're all beautiful in the sight of God, fitting the puzzle piece of what you're called to do.
Yes. And He's raising up warriors in these last days. He said, "Well, my piece isn't very...
I just run the coffee shop at the church."You're important.
Do you understand? Every single person is vital in the kingdom of God.
"Well, I don't believe that."Well, you don't know God then, because I'm telling you, the little old lady that's praying in the background, you're going to see her have the biggest house in heaven, and the guy that was on the huge platform, you're going to go...
because He said the last will be first and the first will be last. Remember that.
And I said, "What seeds did you sow in the little, and whenever you're not being noticed, whenever you didn't realize that you were being a light?
You were being a light.""Well, I just cleaned the bathroom today, and I made sure there was no spot on there, and I helped the janitor pick up the trash around the church.""Well, there was somebody, and I helped them do this or whatever.
I worked in the nursery."You are vital to the kingdom of God, every single one of you.
It's so important for you to know this, and it's all hands on deck right now.
We need every single one of you. And it's exciting to be a part of it, isn't it, babe? Yes, yes. He's coming so soon.
When the theaters happen and the revival starts to happen at this theater, who's going to be there?
And they're paying for a ticket because the pastors don't have time to sit in there to say, "Hey, listen.
I got tracts to help you."These people are going to need, when that major revival breaks out in the theater with Mel Gibson's new movie—I'm telling you, it's coming—who's going to be there stationed at the theater to say, "Hey, listen.
I'm a believer. I'll pray for you"? Because there'll be people probably weeping in the crowd going, "I need Jesus."And you're like, "Let me teach you.
Let me help you."Who's going to be stationed at a movie theater?
Not being pushy about it, but just being that person there that's being led by the Spirit of God.
Not in there Bible thumping people and hitting them, "You've got to get saved.
You're going to hell,"preaching at the front. No, the film is going to do the work.
You're just going to help bring them in with the net. The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And God's going to use stuff like this. It won't be in the four walls of a church as much as you think it will, ladies and gentlemen.
And He told me, "The first popcorn kernels are popping. Get ready. Get ready. Shock and awe is coming.
Shock and awe is coming."And I'm just like, "Oh, I'm anticipating."But first, you're going to start to see the first blades of the financial harvest, and you're going to see this turnaround.
And it will be on 1% of the people of the body of Christ—one, because a lot of people won't be able to handle it, and they ain't listening.
You're not listening. So, what will you do with your percentage? What will you do with the percentage?
Because He said, "I'm making decamillionaires."So, I'm excited about it. I anticipate, I pray I'm part of it.
Not saying, "Well, I'm already qualified because I'm Brandon."Who cares? You've got to stay humble.
Keep your heart right before Him and say, "Listen, search me and know me, Lord.
If there's something that's off inside of me..."It doesn't mean just because I have a platform and speak to how many people a week, it doesn't mean nothing.
It's always keeping yourself in check and saying, "Father, I keep my heart right before You,"doing exactly what You've called me to do when You've called me to do it.
Not going, "Well, you know, I'm already qualified."Woe to you that is that arrogant.
"Well, I've got a church of 10,000. I'm qualified."You better check yourself.
Keep yourself right before the Father, a vessel that He can use at all times by keeping yourself...
"I'm staying with you, Father. Regardless of if you tell me to do...
I'm staying with you."He equips the called, but you don't qualify yourself.
I'm not worried about everything right now. So, Diana and I just wanted to come on and tell y'all we love you.
We're thinking about you. Like I said, we've had some things we've had to do, praying over this nation, praying for the world.
And what's happening, we're right in that right now of a major thing that is about to... another thing is about to happen, another birthing pain.
The birthing pains are coming on each other, and we're seeing them happening all the time.
We're seeing the birthing pains, and it's not time to let our guard down.
Well, what's happening with Israel? The big beautiful bill is passing right now.
It's part of the birthing pains. It's part of this. Watch what takes place with this.
It's part of the birthing pains. We see the big beautiful bill.
We see these things happen to Elon Musk. He said he's going to deport Elon Musk and all that. He said if he keeps talking all this stuff, and Elon Musk...
"We're going to cause another political party in America, and I'm going to make sure that nobody gets in there that passes this,"and all these things that he's saying.
He's like, "Well, I'm going to look into deporting him back to South Africa or wherever he was from."And I'm just like, I told you that this thing...
people go, "Oh, this was just an act."It's not just an act. There's a rat in the White House.
There was a rat in the White House, and there were three more. And you see things happening.
And I'm not saying I always defend President Trump on every decision he makes, but I pray for him.
He needs our prayer more now than ever before. This is a time we need to intercede for President Trump.
Not to get arrogant, to stay humble, to not get calloused with all the persecution he's gotten over the years, to stay the course, but keep his heart right before the Father so that he's not doing his agenda out of being angry because of how he's been treated and saying, "Well, I'm going to do what I want to do,"versus saying, "Father, what do you want me to do?"that he's listening to the voice of the Father, helping bring forth the end times.
I've had some people, even family, say, "Brandon, I believe Trump's the Antichrist. Do you feel Trump is the Antichrist?
He had the fatal wound to his ear, and that represents to me that he is the Antichrist."I personally do not believe that Trump is the Antichrist.
Now, you can say in Scripture that he had the fatal wound in his ear and all these things, but I don't believe...
to his head or whatever. But I do not believe that Trump is the Antichrist. I believe MBS is the Antichrist. That's who I believe.
And you said, not NBS, MBS is who I believe, Muhammad bin Salman, is the Antichrist, who I believe it is.
Okay, that's just my personal opinion. Now, some people think it's Macron.
You know, we'll see. But I won't be here to see it. I believe whenever I get up to heaven, I'm not going to be here to see that.
I'm saying the rapture of the church is coming. But I'm going to say, when we get on the other side, we'll say, "Who is it, Lord?"and the Lord will reveal it to us.
You know, not that we really care, but we won't care. We won't care. We'll be in glory.
But some people just are like, "I want to know."I'm like, "Well, that's who I believe it is."Now, as we see Trump being used in a mighty way, and he's only been in this office now for six months, he still has three and a half years left.
What is going to happen? Look at all that's happened in just six months. Where will we be?
And the Lord even said, "Brandon, you'll be so thankful for the leadership that he brings over the next couple of months.
You're going to be so thankful."And I'm like, what does that mean?
I don't think that sounded good to me, but it was like, 'Whoa.'You know, I think that's a good enough video for y'all today.
Like I said, I don't want to take a lot of your time. I know people are really busy; this week has been nuts.
But we want to pray for you real quick. Father, I thank you for every single one of them represented here today.
We'll do a livestream and we'll pray more. But Father, right now, as for this video, we're going to just pray and close this up.
We believe for their healing. We believe for supernatural protection over this nation.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against this nation will prosper.
I thank you, Lord, that every terrorist cell and every hidden plot will be revealed in the name of Jesus.
We call forth all the demonic to be exposed when it comes to this.
Father, Fourth of July, fireworks shows, gatherings of large groups of people, movie theaters, malls, shopping malls, sporting events, concerts, Father, I thank you, Lord, major gatherings.
We thank you, Father, for your divine protection over this nation, that no weapon formed against us will prosper, that we're always in the right place at the right time, hearing your voice.
I pray even over our lakes, Father, when people are swimming, or oceans, that people don't drown and have accidents going down rivers and having get-togethers.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for this great nation. We thank you, Lord, that we remain a nation that's one nation under God.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're raising up leadership right now that is godly.
Father, for this new term, the midterm, that we'll have a greater red wave, Father, for a greater turnaround of events over this nation.
Father, you said you're giving us a window, and I thank you for the window.
We pray over law enforcement, firefighters, and all the people who are out there trying to protect the people, especially after that incident with the firefighters.
I saw that they were protected by the mighty hand of God. Thank you, angels, who protect them as they go about doing their work and their day.
We just pray over them in Jesus'name. We thank you, all our law enforcement, Homeland Security, border agents, all of them. Father, we thank you, Lord, that they have dreams.
They're seeing dreams right now of where they should be, saying, 'Hey, there's danger here.'Father, they'll always hear your voice, and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
But Father, I thank you for supernatural dreams warning them of that which is to come, Father, that they would have such dreams that were so precise, a prophetic dream to know that this is what we need to be watching out for, warning them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the steps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
And we thank you, Lord, that there are men and women out there working in our military, our Secret Service, that they are hearing you.
And Father, we pray for their antennas to be heightened in this holiday season where all these people are saying, 'Well, of course it's going to happen.'I'm telling you all, there will be, I feel in my spirit again, a Pearl Harbor experience.
Lone wolf attacks. Pray about these lone wolf attacks. These people who are just sympathizers—I hear the word 'sympathizers'—are going to try to rise up.
Sympathizers, but it's not the main event. Pray about sympathizers, copycat sympathizers.
I hear this by the Spirit of the Lord right now, I'm hearing it: sympathizers and lone wolf attacks over the Fourth of July weekend, not the main event. People who are for the cause over these theaters.
We pray over the theaters, Father, that the mighty harvest of souls is coming over this theater in the name of Jesus, that we'll have the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of God on this theater in the name of Jesus like we've never seen before, all for the glory of God.
I pray a hedge of protection all around this theater right now, Father, over our malls and over our areas of gathering, Father, over our baseball stadiums and wherever people are at right now.
Father, I call supernatural protection over these areas, over New York, over church gatherings.
I'm seeing churches right now, praying over our churches, praying over major congregations getting together, having cookouts and fellowships.
We pray a hedge of protection from lone wolf attacks. I pray against mass casualty shootings in the name of Jesus from false flag events.
Praying over mass casualty shootings, lone wolf sympathizers, Iran sympathizers.
We pray over this and the exposing of this darkness right now in the name of Jesus.
We pray over every single one of them in the name of Jesus. We thank you, Father. We thank you, Lord.
I don't want to be late for church tonight, so I'm going to keep praying while I'm driving and I'll keep my eyes on the road.
I don't want anybody fussing at me, but I feel to keep praying over this.
Church starts in about thirty minutes and I don't want to be late.
We continue to pray over this theater, we continue to pray over this in the name of Jesus.
Supernatural protection over this nation, over our fireworks shows, over our great nation.
I pray over President Trump as they're making this. I just saw the big, beautiful bill just passed.
What will you do with this time? What will you do with this window that I've given you? What will you do with it? Bring in My harvest.
Bring in the harvest, a great harvest of souls, a great financial turnaround, a great turnaround of finances, a stimulation of the economy.
This is the window. I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'This is your window.'The ship's already sinking.
Do you understand? The ship is already sinking. It's not about saving America; it's about saving the world from going to hell. There's no saving America. Do you understand?
This is about saving the world from hell, about giving you a window for a harvest of souls, for the beast system is rising around you.
Do you understand? Many people are focused on the wrong thing.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say they're looking for America to become great again.
They're looking for America to do all these things, but you understand this is My time for a harvest. This is it. Your focus is off.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'The focus is off, and it's about being busy about My business, bringing forth this mighty harvest of souls in these last days.'Do you not know that I'm standing at the door?
Do you not know that I'm standing at the door? Leadership's off. This is where they're off. They're off.
They're thinking, 'Well, it's a prolonged time.'He said, 'I've given you a window of time, a window of time for a harvest of souls.'Do you understand?
It's not about Trump turning around America and making it great again. It's giving you a window within.
For as America goes, so the world goes, the Lord says, 'But it's about bringing in the harvest.
I'm standing at the door. I'm standing at the door. Staying in sync with Me.
Staying in sync with Me.'A greater outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord, a greater pouring out of the Spirit of the Lord like we've never seen before.
A major harvest of souls. I've told you I'm giving you a window.
It's all hands on deck. Great shakings you will see that will bring you to your knees.
A great shaking you will see to bring you to your knees. The shaking is to awaken.
As He said, they're afraid of it, but this shaking is to awaken.
What else will get your attention for what's about to happen? I have yelled and I have yelled.
But the preachers are still not preaching with urgency, and the people are not speaking urgency, for my Son's return is at the door.
The judgment begins in the house of the Lord first. And there will be a great shaking in the church.
Men have been preaching their own agendas, filling their pockets, creating their kingdoms.
I see great men of wealth in the kingdom of God that have been so focused on creating a kingdom around themselves like an empire, but they're not busy about His business.
He said, 'I don't care about you having the finances. I don't care about you having the wealth as long as it doesn't have you.'I just heard Him say this: 'As long as it doesn't have you.
As long as I can move the wealth through you.'But what's happened is people have created walls around themselves of financial structure, saying, 'Well, I've got all this and this is mine.'And they've built a wall around themselves.
I see these preachers with big houses, big stuff, and they've created a wall from the outside.
And they're not allowing the dam to flow of the money—what's inside to go outside to help Him bring in the harvest.
Do you hear what I'm saying? The wall is gray. I see in the vision right now, babe, the wall is gray.
It's thick, and it has all kinds of beautiful granite, like mortar.
And the mortar of this wall is beautiful, but they've built this wall.
They've used the wealth to build the wall. But the Lord said, 'I want you to use it for the harvest.
I want you to use it for the harvest.'It's not wrong for you to have good things.
It's not wrong, but it's about them building their kingdom.
Do you understand? Like, 'I'm building my legacy.'It's a legacy. 'This is what I've earned. This is what I deserve.
It's a legacy.'But He said, 'Don't you realize this beautiful building, all this thing that they're talking about right now is for the end-time wealth transfer?
This is me giving you a window.'You say, 'How would the window take place?'This is your window.
It's happening right now in front of your face. Are you listening?
Are you hearing me for what's about to take place? For it will be too late once the ball starts rolling.
It will be too late. It's going to happen so quickly. It's all hands on deck.
The Spirit of the Lord says, 'It's all hands on deck.'The Spirit of the Lord says, We pray over Trump, over his mind, Father, that he doesn't have a demonic spirit of pride coming over him.
Father, there's a humility that stays on him. Father, I thank You, Lord, that he's able to be used, for You said You resist the proud, You give grace to the humble.
So, Father, we thank You, Lord, that JD Vance and Trump, as things look successful, as things look like we're winning, that they don't get a prideful heart, because it's God imparting what's supposed to be.
As you bless Israel, I heard the Spirit of the Lord say, 'As you bless Israel and come in agreement with Israel, I will bless you.
Those that curse Israel, I will curse.'And the greater the blessing, the greater the favor on the ministry.
As you bless Him, there's greater favor. Oil wealth. I see Israel again rising up.
I see it. Many people won't like that. Some people—I don't care. I tell you what I hear. We stand with Israel.
I'm telling you, a breathing on the Abrahamic covenant like you've never seen before.
A great blessing in store. A wooing of the people like you've never seen before.
Healings and demonstrations. You'll have to resist healing: 'Oh, I don't want it.'That's how easy it is.
Tapping into the healing river. The healing river flows. We plead the blood over us.
We plead the blood over my children, over me, Diana, over us, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
Thank You, Lord, over our car, over everything we put our hands to, it prospers in Jesus'name.
That we're always in the right place at the right time. Father, I call favor.
The favor is over us. Seed time and harvest will accelerate.
I just heard Him say, 'Seed time and harvest is accelerating right now.'That's what He just said.
But there will be a great flow, and you will stand out. You are going to stand out in these last days.
You will stand out, for it's the goodness of God that will draw them to repentance as they're seeing the great shaking to awaken all around this earth.
A great shaking to awaken. But the favor of God will be upon you and your household, and they will see the anointing of the Holy Ghost on you.
And they'll be drawn like moths to a light. It's time for the Holy Ghost flow.
It's time to heighten your senses. It's time to heighten you up.
It's time to come up higher with the fire. They're coming in hot today.
You have much to say, to warn the people. To warn the people, the door is closing.
To warn the people, to warn them. Warn the body, warn them. They're out of time.
My heart is the harvest. You'll see there's a lot of wolves in sheep's clothing in the days ahead.
Many people that say they speak for Me are spiritually dead.
That's what He just said. They're speaking for Me, but they are not speaking for Me. They're just like it was in Jeremiah.
There are many speaking, saying they're speaking for Me, but they're not speaking for Me.
For My heart is the harvest. It's time to hear the true prophetic voices that I will raise up in this decade.
He just said decade. I'm filled with it. It's time for the heart of the harvest, and I'm raising up voices in this harvest.
I'm raising them up over this next decade. Do you hear that? That's what He said.
A great financial increase. But you're going to see the wolves in sheep's clothing.
He's talking about Jeremiah and He's talking about the people speaking for Him that are not speaking for Him.
They're giving itching words, saying things that are... they're saying it's from Him, but it's not from Him.
He's warning against this. His heart is the harvest. It's so strong.
Voices who have a big influence right now, they'll say certain things and it's about the word.
They're saying things that line up with the word, but they're not speaking His heart.
His heart is the word, but it's more than that. It's coming up warning about what's coming, staying in sync.
The Lord is talking about having an urgency of the hour. An urgency of the hour is what He's talking about right now.
The urgency of the hour is not about preaching about some of the stuff that you're hearing.
What a preacher is preaching is the urgency of the hour. Where are we at right now on the timeline?
What I just saw is they're preaching about David and Goliath, and they're not teaching you about what John saw on the isle of Patmos.
Both are beautiful; one is a beautiful story, but one is the urgency of the hour. Where is the urgency in My body?
There are certain ones that He's raising up who have an urgency, and their platforms will explode.
You're going to see it because they're staying on the vine. And as they stay on the vine, they're going to explode.
And the ones that have detached themselves from the vine, their ministries will dry up because they're not attached.
It's their choice. Their heart is to try to please men with their lips, to build up their legacy and their foundation.
But I'm telling you, if you're staying on the vine with Him and you're not detaching yourself, you're going to see great acceleration on these ministries.
It's going to be night and day for what's coming. There you go, I get it.
So, there's a lot of parrots. He said, 'Don't worry about them and who's parroting you.
Just be what I've called you to be.'Don't focus on who's around you and what they're doing.
Focus on what I've called you to do. You stay focused on what I've called you to do and don't be nosy.
It's not your problem. He that has ears to hear what the Spirit is saying will hear.
If you're staying in sync with Me, you won't question who's a wolf in sheep's clothing because you're going to have great discernment in these last days.
Listen and listen again, and listen within. Don't be nosy. It's like being a busybody.
Like a busybody—that's what He said. Don't be a busybody. It doesn't matter.
You stay the course. Do what I've called you to do. Who cares what everybody else is doing?
You do what I called you to do and don't worry about what everybody else is doing. That's what He's talking about.
That's like Sister So-and-So always going to the church, always trying to expose.
Well, did you not know that that is a gossip? Don't be a gossip.
It doesn't matter. That's what He says. It doesn't matter. Beloved, just do what I called you to do and stay the course.
Keep your eyes on Me. You'll know them by their fruit because a branch that bears much fruit is attached to the vine.
But if they're struggling and there's no anointing there, you know they're not attached.
I am the God of growth. And as you attach yourself to Me, there'll be much growth.
A branch can't help itself. When you're attached to the vine, it automatically grows.
And you see fruit in a ministry. When they're truly attached to Me, they will grow in these last days.
For it is an 'all hands on deck'experience. And the ones that are truly a part of Me will grow because that's just what a branch does.
You don't have to worry about it; fruit is abiding in them. They will show much fruit.
You don't have to question if they have fruit. What is fruit?
Are they bringing in the lost? Are healings happening? Are demonstrations happening? Is there accuracy behind them?
Many people that you don't even know, many faces that have been in the background—I'm raising up new Esthers, I'm raising up new Davids, and they will take the baton from these older generals that I'm calling home.
Watch what happens in the days ahead. They'll say they came out of nowhere, but they were establishing their roots so that they would show and bear much fruit.
For a great tree, or whatever plant that has great roots, starts to develop great fruit, but the root is developed first. That's the thing that's not seen, but I see it.
And many will try to hold them back, saying, 'You're not developed yet, you don't know.'But I have cultivated a great root in them, and it is time for showing great fruit in them.
So stay on the vine; you'll see it. That's what He's talking about: staying on the vine.
These people are so worried about who's growing faster, who's doing this, who's doing that.
Just don't be nosy; just do what I called you to do. Glory to God! Hallelujah!
Thank You, Lord, for this time of prayer as we get ready to go to church.
Thank You, Lord. Well, ladies and gentlemen, we're about there.
I'm going to have to go, but I just wanted to tell you thank you for joining me today.
I know it's a little different, but we made you a video, and that's what the Holy Spirit had to say today.
And so we'll make more videos if you don't mind driving around.
I've got a lot to do, so God bless you all. If you could, subscribe. Yes, the Holy Spirit's heart today is the harvest.
He's talking about the harvest and what's coming and staying on the vine. It's very interesting.
I have to go back and listen to what He just said over and over because I love it when He talks like that. This is what I'm talking about.
This is what happens: we drive around, He talks like that, and we have recordings of the Holy Spirit talking like that to us, telling us what's coming.
That's what we do. I get bored sitting in the house, and I've got to get around and do things.
As you see, it's very different, isn't it? Well, got to go. God bless you all.
We have to go hear what Pastor Chip says and hear what's going on at the church.
Remember to please like it, subscribe if you haven't, and click the notification bell.
We appreciate every single one of you being here today. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.